now Jacob lifted his eyes and looked and
now Jacob lifted his eyes and looked and there I saw was coming and with him were
there I saw was coming and with him were
there I saw was coming and with him were four hundred men so he divided the
four hundred men so he divided the
four hundred men so he divided the children among Leah Rachel and the two
children among Leah Rachel and the two
children among Leah Rachel and the two maid servants and he put the maid
maid servants and he put the maid
maid servants and he put the maid servants and their children in front
servants and their children in front
servants and their children in front Leah and her children behind and Rachel
Leah and her children behind and Rachel
Leah and her children behind and Rachel and Joseph last then he crossed over
and Joseph last then he crossed over
and Joseph last then he crossed over before them and bowed himself to the
before them and bowed himself to the
before them and bowed himself to the ground
ground
ground seven times until he came near to his
seven times until he came near to his
seven times until he came near to his brother but Esau ran to meet him and
brother but Esau ran to meet him and
brother but Esau ran to meet him and embraced him and fell on his neck and
embraced him and fell on his neck and
embraced him and fell on his neck and kissed him and they whipped and he
kissed him and they whipped and he
kissed him and they whipped and he lifted his eyes and saw the women and
lifted his eyes and saw the women and
lifted his eyes and saw the women and children
who are these with you the children whom
who are these with you the children whom God has graciously given your servant
God has graciously given your servant
God has graciously given your servant then the maidservants came near they and
then the maidservants came near they and
then the maidservants came near they and their children and bowed down and Leah
their children and bowed down and Leah
their children and bowed down and Leah also came near with her children and
also came near with her children and
also came near with her children and they bowed down afterward Joseph and
they bowed down afterward Joseph and
they bowed down afterward Joseph and Rachel came near and they bowed down
Rachel came near and they bowed down
Rachel came near and they bowed down what do you mean by all this company
what do you mean by all this company
what do you mean by all this company which I met these are to find favor in
which I met these are to find favor in
which I met these are to find favor in the sight of my lord I have enough my
the sight of my lord I have enough my
the sight of my lord I have enough my brother keep what you have for yourself
brother keep what you have for yourself
brother keep what you have for yourself no please if I have now found favor in
no please if I have now found favor in
no please if I have now found favor in your sight then receive my present from
your sight then receive my present from
your sight then receive my present from my hand in as much as I have seen your
my hand in as much as I have seen your
my hand in as much as I have seen your face
face
face as though I had seen the face of God and
as though I had seen the face of God and
as though I had seen the face of God and you were pleased with me please take my
you were pleased with me please take my
you were pleased with me please take my blessing that is brought to you because
blessing that is brought to you because
blessing that is brought to you because God has dealt graciously with me and
God has dealt graciously with me and
God has dealt graciously with me and because I had enough so he urged him and
because I had enough so he urged him and
because I had enough so he urged him and he took it then he saw said let us take
he took it then he saw said let us take
he took it then he saw said let us take our journey let us go and I will go
our journey let us go and I will go
our journey let us go and I will go before you my lord knows that the
before you my lord knows that the
before you my lord knows that the children are weak and the flocks and
children are weak and the flocks and
children are weak and the flocks and herds which are nursing her with me and
herds which are nursing her with me and
herds which are nursing her with me and if the men should drive them hard one
if the men should drive them hard one
if the men should drive them hard one day all the flock will die please let my
day all the flock will die please let my
day all the flock will die please let my lord go on ahead before his servant I
lord go on ahead before his servant I
lord go on ahead before his servant I will lead on slowly at a pace which the
will lead on slowly at a pace which the
will lead on slowly at a pace which the livestock that go before me and the
livestock that go before me and the
livestock that go before me and the children are able to endure until I come
children are able to endure until I come
children are able to endure until I come to my Lord and see her now let me leave
to my Lord and see her now let me leave
to my Lord and see her now let me leave with you some of the people who are with
with you some of the people who are with
with you some of the people who are with me what need is there
me what need is there
me what need is there let me find favor in the sight of my
let me find favor in the sight of my
let me find favor in the sight of my lord
lord
lord so Esau returned that day on his way to
so Esau returned that day on his way to
so Esau returned that day on his way to see her
see her
see her and Jacob journey to sakkath built
and Jacob journey to sakkath built
and Jacob journey to sakkath built himself a house and made booths for his
himself a house and made booths for his
himself a house and made booths for his livestock therefore the name of the
livestock therefore the name of the
livestock therefore the name of the place is called sakkath then jacob came
place is called sakkath then jacob came
place is called sakkath then jacob came safely to the city of Shechem which is
safely to the city of Shechem which is
safely to the city of Shechem which is in the land of Canaan when he came from
in the land of Canaan when he came from
in the land of Canaan when he came from Paden Aran and he pitched his tent
Paden Aran and he pitched his tent
Paden Aran and he pitched his tent before the city and he bought the parcel
before the city and he bought the parcel
before the city and he bought the parcel of land where he had pitched his tent
of land where he had pitched his tent
of land where he had pitched his tent from the children of heimo Shechem
from the children of heimo Shechem
from the children of heimo Shechem father for 100 pieces of money then he
father for 100 pieces of money then he
father for 100 pieces of money then he erected an altar there and called it a
erected an altar there and called it a
erected an altar there and called it a Lillehei Israel
Lillehei Israel
Lillehei Israel [Music]